README.md, before:

# financial-utility-programs
Contains a list of software utilities and programs for financial calculations.
1. ### DCF 
      Discounted Cash Flow Calculator that displays cash flows on a chart taking the inputs from cf.csv.
2. ### Value_Realization_Model
      Probability modelling of binary stock value expectations from sequence of buys or sells for a stock.
      
## Prerequisites
Recommended Python 3.6.0 or later.

Libraries used:
```
Numpy
Matplotlib
```
## Running the scripts

Individual instructions for running the utility scripts are present inside each python file.
Run the script using the command line.
In Windows, open the Command Prompt then enter:

```
C:\Python36\python.exe C:\Users\...Path....\your_python_script.py
```

In Unix, Linux and other BSD based systems, open bash shell then enter

```
chmod +x your_python_script.py
python your_python_script.py
```


## Built With

* [Python 3.6](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/) - The Programming tool used

## Versioning

Version tracked directly with Github

## Authors

* **Samridha Shrestha**

## License

This project is licensed under the Apahce 2.0 License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Python open source libraries
* Joel Hasbrouk, NYU Stern Principles of Securities Trading, FINC-UB.0049, Spring 201. http://people.stern.nyu.edu/jhasbrou/

Commit message:

Changes to running scripts and contributing
Added a Github badge for contributions.
Removed old instructions for running file on different systems.

README.md, after:

# financial-utility-programs
Contains a list of software utilities and programs for financial calculations.
1. ### <a id='DCF_run'>DCF</a>
      Discounted Cash Flow Calculator that displays cash flows on a chart taking the inputs from cf.csv.
2. ### Value_Realization_Model
      Probability modeling of binary stock value expectations from sequence of buys or sells for a stock.
   
## Prerequisites
Recommended Python 3.6.0 or later.

To install dependencies in Linus and BSD based systems, use pip to install requirements
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Running the scripts

Individual instructions for running the utility scripts are present inside each python file as well.

<h3 id='DCF_run'>DCF</h4>


## Built With

* [Python 3.6](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/) - The Programming tool used

## Versioning

Version tracked directly with Github

## Authors

* **Samridha Shrestha**

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License - see the [License.md](License.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Python open source libraries
* Joel Hasbrouck, NYU Stern Principles of Securities Trading, FINC-UB.0049, Spring 201. http://people.stern.nyu.edu/jhasbrou/

## Contributing [![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/dwyl/esta/issues)
